a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_atelectasis_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_atelectasis_without_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_cardiomegaly_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_cardiomegaly_without_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_consolidation_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_consolidation_without_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_edema_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_edema_without_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_enlarged_cardiomediastinum_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_enlarged_cardiomediastinum_without_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_fracture_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_fracture_without_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_lung_lesion_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_lung_lesion_without_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_lung_opacity_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_lung_opacity_without_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_pleural_effusion_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_pleural_effusion_without_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_pleural_other_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_pleural_other_without_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_pneumonia_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_pneumonia_without_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_pneumothorax_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_pneumothorax_without_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_support_devices_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_support_devices_without_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_no_findings_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_frontal_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_no_findings_without_support_devices_img1: nan
a_lateral_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_atelectasis_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_lateral_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_atelectasis_without_support_devices_img1: nan
a_lateral_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_cardiomegaly_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_lateral_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_cardiomegaly_without_support_devices_img1: nan
a_lateral_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_consolidation_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_lateral_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_consolidation_without_support_devices_img1: nan
a_lateral_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_edema_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_lateral_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_edema_without_support_devices_img1: nan
a_lateral_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_enlarged_cardiomediastinum_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_lateral_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_enlarged_cardiomediastinum_without_support_devices_img1: nan
a_lateral_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_fracture_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_lateral_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_fracture_without_support_devices_img1: nan
a_lateral_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_lung_lesion_with_support_devices_img1: nan
a_lateral_view_of_a_chest_x_ray_with_lung_lesion_without_support_devices_img1: nan
